50% profit
Did you know
After you take 50% of my profit every month
How much volume do I still lose?
Well, that's your business.
It has nothing to do with this official.
Good one has nothing to do with you
You dog
You are literally riding on the heads of the people and sucking blood
Presumptuous, this official asks you whether you will give it or not.
What if I don't pay?
If you don't give this officer a hundred ways to punish your sins
Cut off your head
Okay, you dog official
I'd like to see how capable you are
Take a closer look
What is that thing on your grandfather's waistband?
Adults have a gold medal
Let me see
This gold medal can really keep you from dying
death medal
How is this possible, my lord?
You can see that the death-free gold medal is not fake, right?
Okay, it must be fake.
Dare to visit and risk the gold medal
I will help you nine clans
Take a closer look.
Is that thing real or fake?
This is actually a real death-free gold medal
What are you doing here except for the inner room of the palace?
Lead the big element binding ah
Ouch, Lord Lin, Lord Lin has no eyes
Blinded by villains
Also talking about adults and shouting
I don't know which adult is Kyoto?
Micro-service private visit
I'm not a grownup.
I'm a jerk